Update homepage (#4)
jenkinsci/jfr-action-doc: index.md

---
**Hello Jenkinsfile-runner actions!**

This is the project page of Jenkinsfile-runner Actions.

> Jenkinsfile-runner Actions intends to design suitable GitHub Actions for users so Jenkins pipeline can be run in the GitHub Actions' runners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jenkinsfile-runner Actions intends to be a design suitable for GitHub Actions so the Jenkins pipeline can be run in the GitHub Actions' runners.
```

To launch the pipeline, you only need to provided the Jenkinsfile and simply quote our actions in your workflow definition.
The pipeline results can be viewed in the GitHub pages.

> You can also configure your ephemeral Jenkins instances by providing JCasC file, prebuilt container urls or combine with other GitHub Actions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure your ephemeral Jenkins instances by providing a suitable JCasC file or a set of prebuilt container urls, or by combining with other GitHub Actions.
```
